[Music]
hi you know all those college advice
videos that seem to require insane work
ethics if you're like me you'd realize
that that sort of advice doesn't apply
to us
serotonin deficient you might watch
those productive College advice videos
and feel good about yourself because you
get to pretend like you're being
productive while you're only sort of
vicariously being a motivated person but
you're not actually gonna follow most of
the advice they give cuz let's be real
it's gonna be incredibly difficult for
us to even get out of bed without a
little bit of help so here's some
realistic college advice that you can
use to sort of help the endangered
species that are your brain cells
[Music]
now you may wonder what kind of
credentials does this guy have to
possibly give advice about being
productive you know let me tell you you
see I'm a rising sophomore at Stanford
which means I've survived an entire year
of college and it only took one day of
school for me to have a total mental
breakdown so here's some of my advice
number one senioritis doesn't end in
high school in high school people are on
your ass all the time but in college
you're not really forced to do anything
you don't have to attend classes you
don't have to study your parents won't
yell at you if you sleep in late and you
won't get in trouble for dueling in the
bathroom because in college you can just
step outside I mean really you don't
even have to be there if you had
senioritis before you'll probably still
have it because like before you don't
really have to do anything
so my advice we're trying to end
senioritis before you have senioritis
until you're literally a senior citizen
is to find the reason to want to do
things think about why you're at college
you're at college because you want to
better yourself whether you want to
learn things to get a nice career or you
just want to learn things that get you
excited or you just like studying
basically to end senioritis you got to
know in your own head that what you're
doing is what you want
[Music]
remember where you are now before you
head off to college and you're all
excited about all the fun new things
that you're gonna do remember what
college is College is not like the
movies or the TV shows or even YouTube
for that matter it's just not that fun
there's probably a billion college
day-in-the-life videos and to be fair
they're all somewhat pretty much
accurate in terms of what happens in
each day but where they fail is how long
each of those segments feel so you
notice that in videos the studying part
of the day in the life is usually in a
time-lapse which makes sense because if
they were to accurately portray studying
in a video the video would be over four
hours long college isn't a video that
you can scroll through and skip to the
best parts you actually have to sit
through the boring parts as well before
you head into college you should realize
that college is still a place for
learning and everything that comes with
it
so how do you get an unmotivated person
to somehow trick themselves into being
productive the answer to that is routine
think about it like this no matter how
lazy and unmotivated you are there are
still things in your day that you will
pretty much do no matter what for
example you wake up and you brush your
teeth every morning when you brush your
teeth you don't think about oh do I
really want to brush my teeth do I need
to do this do I want to do this it's
more like oh yeah it's nighttime and
going to bed so I should brush my teeth
so the trick with going to class and
studying every day it's not so much
thinking about it like a choice but more
like a routine you should go to class
simply because it's what you do in the
mornings you know I'm saying remember
supervised study back in high school or
middle school where you have a set time
to work on your homework during that
time you're not really thinking ah do I
need to do homework do I want to do
homework you just do homework because
that's a set time set out to do homework
so plan out your college schedule a bit
like that a rhythm you can fall into and
do without really having to think about
why you're doing it because it's much
easier to go through the motions than to
set the motions every single day so what
you want to do with your college
schedule is set up a rigid routine that
you can fall into without really
thinking about it
my next piece of advice is pretty simple
use substances and by that I mean
caffeine once at a college I made the
revelation that what I lack in serotonin
and motivation
I can almost substitute with caffeine
because the thing is the more energy you
have the more likely you're gonna
actually do things what I like to do
personally is ingest so much caffeine
that I feel like I have to do some work
or you know do something with my mind
and my body because otherwise I feel
like I'm going to explode so in general
if you drink coffee or tea or Monster
Energy or whatever for every single day
of college as a whole your energy and
your motivation will be a little bit
elevated and your health will only a
marginally decrease so I'll leave that
up to you now of course it's better to
not actually try to multitask but the
truth is you're probably going to do it
anyways if you're like me you're going
to feel so incredibly miserable to study
for hours on end so what you probably
end up doing is throw on some YouTube
videos or a Netflix show as you're
trying to study or bouncing between the
two so my advice for multitasking is put
on a TV show that you already know
really well the problem with trying to
watch new shows or new videos or listen
to a new album or something is that
you're going to feel the desire to
actually pay attention to it you
actually have to pay attention to them
to know what's going on and because of
that you'll end up trying to split your
attention between your work and your
leisure and you're not going to be able
to get much done so you should instead
throw on a TV show that you enjoy that
you like but you also know like the back
of your hand that way it's sort of like
background noise you don't have to pay
attention to it because you already know
what's going to happen so you can focus
on your work but you still feel like
you're having
now something that was very important to
me personally is to remember not to play
the slacker Olympics what I mean by that
is don't not try because you think it's
cool now in high school it's sort of
cute sort of quirky sort of relatable to
procrastinate a lot you go home watch
Netflix or play video games until
midnight and then the cram very quickly
before going to bed really late and
you'd go to school the next day and
laughing with your friends about how all
of you are incredibly unproductive and
everyone has a laugh
well in college you will have a rude
awakening that it's no longer funny or
cute to be a sack of [ __ ] so drop that
from your mind right now now if you
still find it hard to find the
motivation to work hard in college I
think about the money if you're like me
or most people money is a good thing to
have you want money so when you skip a
class you're effectively burning like a
couple hundred dollars visualize that in
your head imagine your wallet just
burning up right in front of you and
hopefully that'll get you out of it
so in conclusion if you're like me and
find hard to work hard naturally if you
had senioritis since you were 10 years
old
if you leave yourself to your own vices
what's probably gonna happen is you're
going to feel very bad about yourself
you're gonna feel like you're
unproductive but you're also going to
struggle finding the motivation to be
productive so what you should do is
leave external factors in your life that
will help you get motivated I don't know
if any of that makes sense but it sort
of works for me so there it is I hope it
helped
[Music]